Q_1: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	A: When I initialize a repository, a hidden dir called .git is created. And an ordinary dir is transformed
	to a git directory. After that I can use git command to manipulate this repo, add commits and modify different
	differnet versions. I have to do this becuase it is by this way that I create my own git repo. I can use the 
	git v.c. system to keep track on my repo later on.

Q_2: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think 
it offers?
	A: Remember the 3-tree-architecture that Caroline presented. The files in the staging area are the same as
	those in the HEAD (not the tip of a branch). When no change is made, the files in the work dir are also the 
	same. But when users want to make changes to the project, he/she has to first make changes to the files in
	the work dir. Then add those files to the staging area, finally commit the change to the repo.
	The staging area, in accordance to the lectures, allows user to create commits for 
	selected files in the working dir instead of the entire working dir.

Q_3: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	A: When I make a few logical changes and I want to commit them seperately, I will first add those files within
	the same logical change into the staging area. Then commit. Now the latest commit in the repo will only contains
	changes in those files having been selected to be added to the staging area while the other files will not contains
	any change (though they may have been changed in the working dir). Next repeat this procedure for other files
	within the other logical change and commit. By this way I make sure I have one commit per logical change.

Q_4: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	A: When I want to create several different versions but not to affect the offical one, I create branches. After
	creating a branch, I then can check it out, commit a change to it. This commit will not affect other branches.

Q_5: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	A: The diagrams are essentially a visualization of the branch structure. 
	I can use the command:
	git log --graph --oneline <branch_1> <branch_2> <branch_3> ...
	to show the diagrams

Q_6: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	A: Both the additions and deletions to the original commit from the two branches are done to that commit. Now
	when type git log in the command line, I can view both changes from the two branches. 

Q_7: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	A: automatic merging will ease the merging process a great deal by having user not manipluate different pieces
	of code manually, which is often a tedious work. But it may run into conflicts and need users to deal with it.